> assignment2 <- c(16, 18, 14, 22, 27, 17, 19, 17, 17, 22, 20, 22)
> myMean <- function(assignment2) { return(sum(assignment2)/length(assignment2)) }
> myMean(assignment2)
[1] 19.25
Explanation: 
function (assignment 2): This section defines the myMean function, which accepts one input, assignment2, which is expected to be a numeric vector. 
sum(assignment2): This determines the vector assignment's total of each element.2. 
The assignment's length This obtains the vector assignment's element count.2. 
Length (assignment 2) / sum (assignment 2): By dividing the total number of items by the vector's element count, this expression determines the mean.
return(...): In this instance, this section is optional. 
The return statement is not technically required because the expression's result is automatically returned.
To begin with, the reference for this function is the standard formula for determining the mean.
Mean: Total of the values / Quantity of values.
Values multiplied by the mean total of the values
When determining the mean of a numerical vector, the function performs as intended. The mean is obtained by adding up each value in the vector and dividing the result by the total number of elements.
Citation: 
R Record: total
R Documentation: duration
Explanation for the  function works:
Assignment 2 is the only parameter that the function accepts. It is expected that assignment 2 is a numeric vector.
Addendum (total(assignment2)): The total of all the values in the vector assignment2 is computed.
The number of elements in the vector assignment2 is computed using the length(assignment2) function.
Calculate the Mean (length(assignment2) / sum(assignment2)): By dividing the total number of values by the total number of values, the mean is calculated. This uses the conventional mean calculation formula.
Return Statement (return(...), optional): The mean calculation's outcome is explicitly returned using the return statement. In this instance, it is optional, however it can be included for clarity.
In conclusion, the purpose of this function is to accurately determine a numeric vector's mean by adding up all of its values and dividing by the total number of values. The function is legitimate and functional for this purpose because its reasoning complies with the accepted method for finding the mean.
